actionexporter/README.md, before:

## To build
./mvnw clean install


## To run
    - Prerequisite:
        - sudo mongod --dbpath /var/lib/mongodb
    - ./mvnw spring-boot:run


## To test
curl http://localhost:8241/mgmt/health -v -X GET
200 {"status":"UP","exportScheduler":{"status":"UP","exportInfo":{"lastRunTime":"14/09/2016 13:34:00","callTimes":["14/09/2016 13:27:00","14/09/2016 13:27:30","14/09/2016 13:28:00","14/09/2016 13:28:30","14/09/2016 13:29:00","14/09/2016 13:29:30","14/09/2016 13:30:00","14/09/2016 13:30:30","14/09/2016 13:31:00","14/09/2016 13:31:30","14/09/2016 13:32:00","14/09/2016 13:32:30","14/09/2016 13:33:00","14/09/2016 13:33:30","14/09/2016 13:34:00"]}},"jms":{"status":"UP","provider":"ActiveMQ"},"diskSpace":{"status":"UP","total":30335164416,"free":8425631744,"threshold":10485760},"mongo":{"status":"UP","version":"3.2.9"},"refreshScope":{"status":"UP"}}


## To get templates from db: follow http://www.nurkiewicz.com/2010/01/writing-custom-freemarker-template.html
    - other options:
        - setClassForTemplateLoading
        - setClassLoaderForTemplateLoading
        - setDirectoryForTemplateLoading
        - setServletContextForTemplateLoading(Object servletContext, String path)

Commit message:

CTPA-700 FReeMarker draft service and integration test

actionexporter/README.md, after:

## To build
./mvnw clean install


## To run
    - Prerequisite:
        - sudo mongod --dbpath /var/lib/mongodb
    - ./mvnw spring-boot:run


## To test
curl http://localhost:8241/mgmt/health -v -X GET
200 {"status":"UP","exportScheduler":{"status":"UP","exportInfo":{"lastRunTime":"14/09/2016 13:34:00","callTimes":["14/09/2016 13:27:00","14/09/2016 13:27:30","14/09/2016 13:28:00","14/09/2016 13:28:30","14/09/2016 13:29:00","14/09/2016 13:29:30","14/09/2016 13:30:00","14/09/2016 13:30:30","14/09/2016 13:31:00","14/09/2016 13:31:30","14/09/2016 13:32:00","14/09/2016 13:32:30","14/09/2016 13:33:00","14/09/2016 13:33:30","14/09/2016 13:34:00"]}},"jms":{"status":"UP","provider":"ActiveMQ"},"diskSpace":{"status":"UP","total":30335164416,"free":8425631744,"threshold":10485760},"mongo":{"status":"UP","version":"3.2.9"},"refreshScope":{"status":"UP"}}


## Steps TODO
    - Define a service and unit test for it --> so here we will have to hook up the FreeMarker config correctly
    - Define CustomTemplateLoader:
            - To get templates from db: follow http://www.nurkiewicz.com/2010/01/writing-custom-freemarker-template.html
                - other options:
                    - setClassForTemplateLoading
                    - setClassLoaderForTemplateLoading
                    - setDirectoryForTemplateLoading
                    - setServletContextForTemplateLoading(Object servletContext, String path)
